.\" File generated using by MAQAO.
.TH MAQAO-DISASS "1" "2025/01/21" "MAQAO-DISASS 0.0.1" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
maqao-disass \- manual page for maqao disass module.
.SH SYNOPSIS
maqao disass [OPTION]... objfile
.SH DESCRIPTION
Use this module to disassemble a binary file
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-\-hide-source-lines\fR
Hide source file and line
.TP
\fB\-\-hide-function-headers\fR
Hide function headers
.TP
\fB\-\-hide-labels\fR
Hide block labels
.TP
\fB\-\-hide-loops\fR
Hide loops
.TP
\fB\-\-hide-raw\fR
Hide raw hexadecimal instruction coding
.TP
\fB\-\-hide-offsets\fR
Hide instruction offsets
.TP
\fB\-\-hide-classes\fR
Hide instruction classes
.TP
\fB\-\-hide-asm\fR
Hide instruction ASM code
.TP
\fB\-\-hide-comments\fR
Hide comments
.TP
\fB\-\-hide-inlining\fR
Hide inlining display
.TP
\fB\-\-disable-dynamic-highlight\fR
Disable dynamic instruction highlighting (HTML output only)
.TP
\fB\-of\fR, \fB\-\-output-format\fR\=[shell|html|xml]
Select output format
.TP
\fB\-\-disable-demangling\fR
Disable decoding (demangling) of low-level symbol names into user-level names.
.TP
\fB\-\-start-address\fR\=address
Start displaying data at the specified address.
.TP
\fB\-\-stop-address\fR\=address
Stop displaying data at the specified address.
.TP
\fB\-ff\fR, \fB\-\-function-filter\fR\=pattern
Only display functions whose names match the given pattern
.TP
\fB\-lid\fR, \fB\-\-loop-id\fR\=ID
Only display instructions of the given loop
.TP
\fB\-f\fR, \fB\-\-function\fR\=label
Select a function to display
.TP
\fB\-fi\fR, \fB\-\-function-inbound-deps\fR
Display inbound dependencies of the selected function
.TP
\fB\-fo\fR, \fB\-\-function-outbound-deps\fR
Display outbound dependencies of the selected function
.SH "    MAN PAGE"
.TP
\fB\-\-generate-man\fR
Generate the man page of the module based on the module help in the current directory. The generated file is called maqao-<module>.1. Once the man page is generated, the program exits.
.TP
\fB\-\-generate-man-all\fR
Generate man pages for all modules available based on each module help in the current directory. Each generated file is called maqao-<module>.1. Once the man pages are generated, the program exits.
.TP
\fB\-\-output\fR\=<path>
Specify the path where the man page is generated.
.TP
\fB\-\-generate-wiki\fR
Generate the wiki page of the module based on the module help on the standard output. Once the man page is generated, the program exits.
.SH "    OPTIONAL FLAGS COMMON TO ALL MODULES"
.TP
\fB\-\-arch\fR\=<architecture>
Select the architecture used for analysis. Available values are: 
aarch64.

.TP
\fB\-\-disable-debug\fR
Disable debug data loading. WARNING, this option may alter the tool's accuracy.
.TP
\fB\-\-compiler\fR\=<compiler>
Select the compiler used to create the binary. Available values are: 
GNU, Intel.

.TP
\fB\-\-language\fR\=<language>
Select the source language. Available values are: 
c, c++, fortran.

.TP
\fB\-\-lcore-flow-all\fR
Analyze all instructions returned by MADRAS. Default behaviour is to analyze instructions from sections .text, .init, .fini and .madras.code. 
.TP
\fB\-\-uarch\fR\=<uarch>
Select the micro architecture used for analysis. Available values are: 
.TP 20 
\fB       For aarch64 architecture:\fR 
ARM_CORTEX_A34 (), ARM_CORTEX_A35 (), ARM_CORTEX_A510 (), ARM_CORTEX_A53 (), ARM_CORTEX_A55 (),             ARM_CORTEX_A57 (), ARM_CORTEX_A65 (), ARM_CORTEX_A65AE (), ARM_CORTEX_A710 (), ARM_CORTEX_A715 (),             ARM_CORTEX_A72 (), ARM_CORTEX_A73 (), ARM_CORTEX_A75 (), ARM_CORTEX_A76 (), ARM_CORTEX_A76AE (),             ARM_CORTEX_A77 (), ARM_CORTEX_A78 (), ARM_CORTEX_A78AE (), ARM_CORTEX_X1 (), ARM_CORTEX_X2 (),             ARM_CORTEX_X3 (), ARM_NEOVERSE_E1 (), ARM_NEOVERSE_N1 (), ARM_NEOVERSE_N2 (), ARM_NEOVERSE_V1 (),             ARM_NEOVERSE_V2 (), CAVIUM_THUNDERX (), CAVIUM_THUNDERX2 (), FUJITSU_A64FX ()
.
.SH ""
.TP
\fB\-\-proc\fR\=<proc>
Select the processor model used for analysis. maqao --list-procs to display supported processors
.TP
\fB\-ifr\fR, \fB\-\-interleaved-functions-recognition\fR\=<mode>
Select the mode of interleaved functions recognition. Available values are: 
.TP 20 
\fB       off\fR 
Functions are not extracted from connected components.
.TP 20 
\fB       debug_based\fR  (default)
Functions are extracted from connected components matching with debug data.
.TP 20 
\fB       all\fR 
All connected components are extracted into new functions whether they correspond to the debug information or not.
.
.SH ""
.TP
\fB\-dbg\fR, \fB\-\-debug\fR[\=<level>]
Enable debug messages. <level> can be used to specify the level of debug messages to display. Available values are: 
0, 1 (default).

.TP
\fB\-\-\fR
Specify binary parameters for dynamic analysis. Next options are ignored by MAQAO.
.TP
\fB\-h\fR, \fB\-\-help\fR
Print the current help.
.TP
\fB\-v\fR, \fB\-\-version\fR
Print the current version.
.SH AUTHOR
Written by The MAQAO team.
.SH "REPORTING BUGS"
Report bugs to <contact@maqao.org>.
.SH COPYRIGHT
MAQAO (C), 2004 - 2025 Universite de Versailles Saint-Quentin-en-Yvelines (UVSQ), 
is distributed under the GNU Lesser General Public License (GNU LGPL). MAQAO is 
free software; you can use it under the terms of the GNU Lesser General 
Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2.1 
of the License, or (at your option) any later version. This software is distributed 
in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the 
implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the 
GNU Lesser General Public License for more details.

The full legal text of the GNU Lesser General Public License (GNU LGPL) is available
at http://www.gnu.org/licenses/old-licenses/lgpl-2.1.html.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
maqao(1), maqao-madras(1), maqao-analyze(1), maqao-cqa(1), maqao-lprof(1), maqao-oneview(1), maqao-otter(1)
